Changelog 133 (#96)
intellij-rust/intellij-rust.github.io: _posts/2020-10-16-changelog-133.markdown

---
layout: post
title: "IntelliJ Rust Changelog #133"
date: 2020-10-19 12:00:00 +0300
---

## New Features

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5189 -->
* Support configuring workspace features in `Cargo.toml`.
  Now it is possible to enable or disable any specific workspace [feature](https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/reference/features.html) in the `Cargo.toml` file, and `Go to Declaration` and other code insight features will take them into account.

  {% include gif-img.html path="/assets/posts/changelog-133/5189" w="700px" %}

>   **TODO: more info**

Reviewer: Maybe just add `See more details in the [corresponding](https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5189) issue`?

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5444 -->

> * Resolve stdlib and Cargo source code hyperlinks in backtrace (by [@Kobzol])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Resolve stdlib and Cargo source code paths in backtrace (by [@Kobzol])
```

  {% include gif-img.html path="/assets/posts/changelog-133/5444" w="600px" %}

## Fixes

* UI improvements:
  <!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6172 -->
  * Use recommended guidelines for settings UI
  
  <!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6179 -->

>   * Get rid of scrollbar inside project creation dialog in CLion

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Get rid of scrollbar inside project creation dialog in minor IDEs like CLion
```

  
* Parser improvements:
  <!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6177 -->
  * Properly parse `tuple.0.0` as tuple indexing supported in [Rust 1.46](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/blob/master/RELEASES.md#language-1)

  <!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6202 -->
  * Improve parsing of TOML arrays with syntax errors
  
  <!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6143 -->

>   * Properly parse special macro calls with fully qualified names like `std::include`. Now code insight and completion works for included files' code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Properly parse special macro calls with fully qualified names like `std::include`. Now code insight features work as expected for code included using `std::include` and/or `std::concat`
```

  * Fix incorrect proofreading annotations on raw and binary string literals
  * Support `String literals`, `Comments` and `Documentation` options in `Preferences | Editor | Proofreading | Grammar` for Rust language

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6184 -->
* Fix ``Make `self` mutable`` quick-fix of [E0594](https://doc.rust-lang.org/error-index.html#E0594) compiler error (by [@ondralukes])

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6196 -->
* Do not remove required parentheses by `Remove dbg!` intention (by [@t-kameyama])

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6176 -->
* Show test results in the gutter via red and green icons to differ passed and failed tests

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6178 -->
* Use public visibility when creating function in other crate by `Create function` intention

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6258 -->
* Update debugger pretty-printers to fix rendering of `HashMap` and `HashSet` in IDE debugger

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6048 -->

> * Fix running with code coverage on proc-macro libs and `panic!` calls

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix running code with coverage on [proc-macro](https://doc.rust-lang.org/reference/procedural-macros.html) libs
```

---
layout: post
title: "IntelliJ Rust Changelog #133"
date: 2020-10-19 12:00:00 +0300
---

## New Features

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5189 -->
* Support configuring workspace features in `Cargo.toml`.

>   Now it is possible to enable or disable any specific workspace [feature](https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/reference/features.html) in the `Cargo.toml` file, and our name resolution and other code insight will take them into account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Now it is possible to enable or disable any specific workspace [feature](https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/reference/features.html) in the `Cargo.toml` file, and plugin name resolution and other code insight features will take them into account.
```

Author: Maybe just even `Go to definition` instead of `plugin name resolution`?

  **TODO: more info**
  **TODO: gif**

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5444 -->
* Resolve stdlib and Cargo source code hyperlinks in backtrace (by [@Kobzol])
  {% include gif-img.html path="/assets/posts/changelog-133/5444" w="600px" %}

## Fixes

* UI improvements:
  <!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6172 -->
  * Use recommended guidelines for settings UI
  
  <!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6179 -->
  * Get rid of scrollbar inside project creation dialog in CLion
  
* Parser improvements:
  <!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6177 -->

>   * Properly parse `tuple.0.0` as tuple indexing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Properly parse `tuple.0.0` as tuple indexing supported in [Rust 1.46](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/blob/master/RELEASES.md#language-1)
```

  <!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6202 -->

>   * Recover TOML parser on errors in arrays

Reviewer: Let's write something more user-friendly like `Improve parsing of TOML arrays with errors`

  
  <!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6143 -->

>   * Properly parse special macro calls with fully qualified names like `std::include`

Reviewer: Original [issue](https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/issues/6140) was about a lack of code insight for code from included file. Let's add this info as well

  
<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6163 -->

> * Grazie plugin integration improvements:

Reviewer: Let's add a link to marketplace page of plugin because it's not bundled into all our IDEs (for example, in CLion)

  * Fix incorrect proofreading annotations on raw and binary string literals

>   * Support `String literals`, `Comments` and `Documentation` in `Preferences | Editor | Proofreading | Grammar`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Support `String literals`, `Comments` and `Documentation` options in `Preferences | Editor | Proofreading | Grammar` for Rust language
```

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6184 -->

> * Fix ``Make `self` mutable`` quick-fix of `E0594` compiler error (by [@ondralukes])

Reviewer: We usually add a link to error index for Rust error code

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6196 -->
* Do not remove required parentheses by `Remove dbg!` intention (by [@t-kameyama])

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6176 -->
* Show test results in the gutter via red and green icons to differ passed and failed tests

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6178 -->
* Use public visibility when creating function in other crate by `Create function` intention

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6258 -->

> * Update `HashMap` and `HashSet` debugger pretty-printers to Rust 1.47

Reviewer: It's not clear that we fix proper rendering of `HashMap` and `HashSet` in our UI debugger

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6223 -->

> * Update IDE dependencies. This fixes `java.lang.NoSuchMethodError` exception on IntelliJ IDEA 2020.3 EAP

Reviewer: Let's drop it

Reviewer: Sorry, I was not enough thoughtful. Let's return it back with something like `Fix compatibility issues with latest 2020.3 EAPs` text

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6048 -->

> * Do not use `-Cpanic=abort` compiler option when running with code coverage

Reviewer: Let's write a user-visible result instead

## Internal Improvements
<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6163 -->

> * Provide source code of Grazie plugin while development when `baseIDE` in `gradle.properties` is `idea`. Previously, IDE always shows only class files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Provide source code of Grazie plugin while development when `baseIDE` in `gradle.properties` is `idea`. Previously, IDE always showed only class files
```

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6221 -->
* Introduce tests for intention scope. Now it is possible to check that an intention is available only inside some text range and unavailable outside.

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6212 -->

> * Introduce shared persistent cache for macro expansion **TODO: internal, not feature?**

Reviewer: I'd drop it and write in the future if we enable it

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6188 -->

> * Improve presentation of regression annotations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improve presentation of regression test results:
```
